So in order for us to be able to get the information about the weather, we need an API.
We need a service that will send or give us that information.
And so to do that, we're going to use open weather map that.
Org so he can go to home that open weather and map that as such.
So in order to get access to the API where we can retrieve the information about the weather you, you'll
have to create an account.
It's very simple.
Just add your email.
I already have an account.
So in this case, let's go back.
So in this case here, I'm saying out, you will have to sign in, click sign in.
If you don't have an account and add your email and whatever they need to create an account.
In fact, you can go here, create an account, add your email password and so forth.
OK.
It's very easy.
And then you log in.
OK, so I'm going to go ahead and sign in.
And once you sign in.
So once you sign in, you're going to be able to see these dashboards so you have services, all the
services they provide and so forth.
And most importantly, you have this API key.
So you need an API key in order for this to work.
In order for you to be able to make those network calls to get the weather right, forecast and so forth.
So this is your key.
This is my key.
So should not use this one, but you need to create your own in order to use it.
So go ahead and create your own API key at the to just create an account and you should get an API key.
Once you get that API key, you need to save it somewhere safe so that we can use it when it's time.
All right.
Again, remember.
Go to open weather, map, open weather, dot org and create an account and create that API.
Now the other thing you can see here, if you go to pricing, there's a caveat here.
So for pricing, depending on what you want to do.
Obviously, we just want to do some something like 60 calls per minute.
We wanted this column here.
So we're going to focus on getting the API, in fact, to get the API for me here, as you see here,
you go to the pricing and say, get API.
You want the free API because you don't want to pay.
We're just testing.
I would recommend to do the free get API free here and you can see the stipulation says 60 calls per
minute I million calls a month.
It's going to be free now.
If you end up having more than that, then you're going to have to pay.
So the free tier is totally fine and that's where you should go for it.
OK, so come here, get API key.
You will have to sign up or signing depending on your status, and then you should get your API key.